docs: document Use global filters option for ES|QL layers (#6351) (#7037)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/visualize/esorql.md

Drilldowns can only be triggered from values backed by a field that exists in the underlying index. Values produced by {{esql}} commands like `EVAL` or `STATS` are not backed by an index field, so the drilldown option is not available when you click on those columns or series. For more information, refer to [Add pills by interacting with visualizations](../dashboards/using.md#_add_pills_by_interacting_with_visualizations).

## Ignore dashboard filters [esql-viz-ignore-dashboard-filters]
```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.5
serverless: ga
```

> By default, an {{esql}} visualization applies the filters and the KQL or Lucene query set at the dashboard level. To make a layer run its query independently of them, select the {icon}`gear` **Settings** icon on the layer header, then turn off **Use global filters**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, an {{esql}} visualization applies the filters and the KQL or Lucene query set at the dashboard level. To force a layer to run its query without these filters:
1. Select the {icon}`gear` **Settings** icon on the layer header.
2. Turn off **Use global filters**.
```

minor simplifications

> This option covers the dashboard's filter pills and the query from the search bar. The dashboard time range is a separate control that always applies, whether or not the option is turned on.

Reviewer: is the term `pill` universally understood? 🤔

Author: yup that's one named type of filters
